---
authors: [drakexorn]
---

# My projects
I worked on several projects during my school years and professional career, which I am proud of. The following are some
of the most relevant ones.

## [Kugle](https://kugle.app)

Together with a group of 8 friends, I co-founded KugleCorp, a company that develops and publishes mobiles games, with
Kugle being our first project.

Kugles are adorable creatures living on the [Neon EVM](https://neonevm.org/) blockchain. Users can buy eggs, hatch them,
and raise their Kugles to participate in various activities, such as race games or chill in various planets, with more
features to come in the future.

I am leading the development and maintenance of KugleCorp's backend services, including its APIs, the game servers
management system, the databases and the blockchain integration (Kugle's smart contracts).

The technologies used are Node.js, TypeScript, MongoDB and Solidity, with a touch of Python for the automation of the
tasks.

[![Check it out on Google Play](/img/kugle-store.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.KugleCorp.Kugle)

## [@drakexorn/expo-torchstate](https://npmjs.com/package/@drakexorn/expo-torchstate)

An Expo-compatible module designed to manage the state of the flashlight on mobile devices, be it Android or iOS. I
built this module because I needed a way to control the torch state in a React Native application I was working on for
on of my Master's courses.

It enables people to check the current state of the torch and turn it on or off via an easy-to-use API that consists of
a single React hook.

The module itself is written in TypeScript and uses the Expo SDK coupled to Kotlin and Swift for the custom native
implementations.

[![Check it out on npm](https://nodei.co/npm/@drakexorn/expo-torchstate.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true)](https://npmjs.com/package/@drakexorn/expo-torchstate)

## [Yarr](https://github.com/DrakeXorn/yarr)

Yarr is a mobile game that I developed for one of my Master's courses. The goal was to create an escape game that would
be played in a museum, with the players having to solve puzzles and riddles to escape the room, all while using the
full potential of the mobile devices.

This was the reason why I created the [`@drakexorn/expo-torchstate`](#drakexornexpo-torchstate) module, as I needed a
way to control the flashlight of the devices to create a more immersive experience (which was not possible with the
default APIs).

The game itself was developed using React Native (with Expo's app router) and TypeScript.

[Its source code is available on GitHub](https://github.com/DrakeXorn/yarr)

## [Cryptalbum](https://github.com/hunteroi/cryptalbum)

A web application that allows users to upload images and store them securely on the cloud. The images are encrypted
before being uploaded, and can be shared with other users by providing them with a secret key.

This was supposed to be a school project, but its mechanics were fascinating to me, thinking about all the encryption
mechanisms and the security of the data.

The website is built using Next.js, TypeScript, and MinIO for the development of the cloud storage.

[Check it out on GitHub](https://github.com/hunteroi/cryptalbum)

# [ELBAT - Easy Lunch, Book a Table](https://github.com/Smartcity-Elbat)

A project developed during the Smart City course during my bachelor studies at the IESN (Institut d'Enseignement
Sup√©rieur de Namur, Belgium). The goal was to allow people to book tables in restaurants without having to call them,
all through a mobile application.

The waiters would be able to see the reservations and manage them through a separate interface on a tablet or computer,
directly connected to the restaurant's system.

The technologies used were React, Node.js, PostgreSQL, and Android (Java).

[The project is available on GitHub, under the Smartcity-Elbat organization](https://github.com/Smartcity-Elbat)
